welcome to Nassau Coliseum that's right
now we're going to record the brand rule
on YouTube talking about his Smackdown
review
take it away Brad alright I'm here first
ever outside review and the show was
actually pretty good just all gotta say
yeah
Jericho actually putting over Curtis
axle it was a rollup
a bunch of suckers falling for to see
I'm pumping a bunch of noobs y'all all
got trolled everybody was looking they
thought funk was going to be there
wasn't there the shield that was great I
was sitting on the side the shield came
down then they came down from the other
stairway one row over sure old again it
was an item trolling the only thing that
was kind of weird was the chest say oh
yeah what else I'm out but - enough huh
it was also hilarious to see everybody
disappointed with the Sakurada or losing
in his hometown what is up with this
shit man what all fucked up motherfucker
first he has a Natalya crying in Canada
then Zack Ryder looking like a total
fucking idiot losing in his hometown
they should put him back in the
ambulance send them back to lij funny it
was a funny night you know nothing too
horrible here was a chess segment
Sheamus you know he's not doing anything
he's not fighting for a title he's there
kicking computers hitting a master
computer it was running him Sandow is
funny but the thing is it's like what
the fuck is this World Wrestling
Entertainment
or is it the WC room Chester baby
I mean checkers STOVL Candyland what's
not I don't understand you know but are
they not Daniel Bryan was so over is
that the crowd they were good money I
wasn't like the best you know the good
actors birthday
they were into it and all that overall
we gotta say it was a pretty decent show
but Hortensio turn important steals earn
that Randy Orton CEO sir
Oh Oh guys forget or you finally turn
Neil oh man they storm I almost forgot
that into the match wardens turning heel
I hope it's not just payback us a long
day of wine but hence we got hope on law
he comes out and just cuts the mass of
the heel Romo that was awesome it's race
to show fuckin awesome yeah crazy all
right
oh is it good show could have to wait to
fight a poster some people don't fuck
enough flag me from spoilers all right
good casting box you by Highlanders and
Wow